Alright, so this preview shows some of the preliminary audio files that I've found. There's not a ton there right now, because I've spent a bunch of the time working so far on a script and on finding, attributing, and placing the files that are there currently. I believe, based on Creative Commons' website, that I've attributed them correctly in the updated Assets file, and that won't take as much time as I move forward and use more of my own sounds. The sounds that are there right now are the beginnings of the cycle that will take place in my story of someone getting up to go for a run, going for a run, and then coming back. The current files sort of tell a very, very mini story, of someone going outside, going for a run, and taking a shower, but there's obviously going to be a lot more to the finished project, including quite a bit of speaking over the top of those background sounds. As far as the files that are there, I compressed the door a bit cause it was very quiet then very loud, I EQd the footsteps to make them more punchy, and I put some reverb on the shower that I thought sounded nice. They are mediocre at beginning to tell the story I want to tell, but I think some choice additions could help a lot. If there were outdoor noises when the door opens, heavy breathing with the running, and street noises turning into nature noises as the run progresses, I think that would help a lot. Here are a few steps regarding what I need to do next: put together the background sounds that involve one cycle of the subject getting up, running, and being done running, put together the background scenes that bookend the project, seeing how timing works out and modifying the script accordingly, and then recording the vocal parts myself and with a friend. Then, I'll just need to do final editing.